Master, you actually doubt me
How could I possibly do such a thing?
Is it not that you are wronged, master?
I am loyal to you
Besides, Yuanbao is your own flesh and blood
How could I possibly do such a thing?
It's really not me.
What else do you want to say now?
From the moment you entered the door, I realized that you were not normal
Hovering left and right
In fact, that location is a surveillance dead end.
And you are also careful
But you don't know.
This hotel
Under Genting Group
I will not allow this to happen.
So I'm in every corner
They have hidden cameras installed
I'm just helping the hotel staff
Sprinkle some powdered sugar on top of the cake
To make that cake
It looks a little bit more appealing.
Shilin Mundi
That cake was eaten by Lin Mengdi for the ingot
He must have got poison powder on his fingers
Otherwise, why are the other guests okay?
No one has eaten cake since we entered
and
You were before Lin Mengdi brought the cake to the ingot
You took advantage of everyone's attention
It's all on me and ingot
I slowly approached the cake stand
and
The tissue next to the cake still smells of your perfume
This perfume is only for you.
Said it wasn't you
I sprinkled poison powder
It's a waste of me being so sincere
But the master
I have a reason